hello everyone welcome to my little to
Mariette section of the world at the
side of my house
I have I have a little section where I
have planted some some tropicals
plumeria I'm in again I'm in zone 6 B so
they're not hardy for here I bought
these at or did I buy these I think I
bought them at the CNE in Toronto the
the Fall Fair that they have so I ended
up buying them they were they were 10 or
12 inch sticks they had them sorted by
color or at least I think they were
sorted by color that's what they say
they were but the last time I purchased
these a few years ago they all turned
out to be yellow this year I didn't buy
any yellows I got I got multiple colors
I think there's an orange well I think
there's a red one and I think that
there's a multicolor one and not quite
sure so but anyway they gave me 6 inch
pots or sorry 8 inch pots to plant these
in so I've planted them in the 8 inch
pots and I've just sunk the that the pot
in the soil so this is all beautiful
compost that we purchased and amended
the bed with so that the roots for these
plants are growing out through the
bottom of the pot and taking up the
nutrients from the soil outside these
plants will come in over winter so I'll
end up digging them out I'll end up
removing the leaves and I will be
storing them down in my basement in a
cooler dry relatively unlit spot it's it
it doesn't really need to have any light
there's not going to be any any growth
going on on it you want to make sure
that it's a cool spot so it doesn't try
to grow for you you can either bare-root
these or you can store them in the pots
I'm going to keep mine in my pots I
think it'll be a little bit easier these
the growth on these is absolutely
phenomenal I don't know whether you can
see that very well but this is about
that's about 16 inches from from the
plant stalk I don't have any flowers on
them yet being that this is such a short
climate generally the the inflows will
start they usually start in the late
fall if they're going to do them but
again this is the first year that
they've been planted so I don't have any
expectations for them flower this year
but next year I will expect something
hmm
so yeah they're there they're growing
quite well I'm still new to this this
realm so feel free to forward any of
your questions or if you have any advice
for me please put them in the comment
section we're gonna grow these together
over the next few years and and we'll
learn together and we'll we'll fail
together I guess I'll bring you guys
into that for the failing process I'll
say it's all your fault these cuttings
were absolutely beautiful the guy that I
was speaking to gave me the ones that
that had the the double heads on them so
all of them are like that so I have I
basically doubled my my plants and if if
that's the way to say it but they've
grown quite well I think so far this
season they've grown about 8 or 9 inches
on the stems maybe a little bit taller
than that last year because I bought
them as cuttings in the fall I did grow
them under my grow lights over the
season so I did kind of cheat I do have
a winter under my belt on these guys but
but I didn't I didn't overwinter them
dormant I was afraid that if I kept the
cuttings by themselves all the way
through winter they wouldn't have enough
energy to to grow for me this year I was
fearful that they would that they would
kind of go mushy so these plants by
nature like a well-drained soil they
like to be on the drier side I water
these whenever the soil gets dry or
whenever it rains the rain waters them
for me for the most part but I do I do
like to keep them keep them hydrated but
generally if if you think that you
whether you should water them wait a
little while and maybe a couple of days
a week and at that point you could water
them they from what I understand they
they will rot more than they will die of
of lack of water if they have a lack of
water you might see them lose their
leaves but they won't they won't die
because over the winter time you're
gonna you're gonna take the leaves off
like I said and you're not going to be
watering them so they can they can
tolerate they they store moisture in
their stem so they can tolerate low
water conditions so anyway I will keep
you guys updated on these and well we'll
grow them together happy growing
everyone